README.md, before:

# GBF Weapon Parser

A parser that takes an image of a Granblue Fantasy (https://game.granbluefantasy.jp/) weapon grid as an input and returns the wiki (https://gbf.wiki/) format.

## Requirements

To run the python script (main.py) the following libraries are needed:
- numpy
- opencv
- matplotlib
- PIL
- tkinter
- tkinterdnd2

## Running the program

Either run by python script (python main.py) or the PyInstaller precompiled binary for windows (main.exe)
The following files are needed in the same directory. They are included in the release.
- icon.jpg (Yes this is needed, yes you can switch to any image you want)
- data.json (Mostly to get a pair of Weapon ID and name, from wiki cargotables)
- sift_db_np.npy (A precomputed SIFT database from the weapon images in the wiki)

## Notes

This repo uses traditional image matching by splitting the image into each weapon image and performing k-nearest neighbor to the precomputed database. Inaccuracy is expected.

## To-do

- More testing
- Get Taisai Spirit Bow (https://gbf.wiki/Taisai_Spirit_Bow) working
- Extra weapon slots
- Summon / character parser for full party?

Commit message:

readme update and add build_sift script

README.md, after:

# GBF Weapon Parser

A parser that takes an image of a Granblue Fantasy (https://game.granbluefantasy.jp/) weapon grid as an input and returns the wiki (https://gbf.wiki/) format.

## Requirements

To run the python script (main.py) the following libraries are needed:
- numpy
- opencv
- matplotlib
- PIL
- tkinter
- tkinterdnd2

## Running the program

Either run by python script (python main.py) or the PyInstaller precompiled binary for windows (main.exe)
The following files are needed in the same directory. They are included in the release.
- icon.jpg (Yes this is needed, yes you can switch to any image you want)
- data.json (Mostly to get a pair of Weapon ID and name, from wiki cargotables)
- sift_db_np.npy (A precomputed SIFT database from the weapon images in the wiki)

If everything is running properly you should get a GUI like this after ~10s:

![alt text](https://github.com/jyunocchi/gbf_weapon_parser/blob/main/readme_img/main.jpg?raw=true)

Just drag and drop your image and you'll get your weapon grid!

![alt text](https://github.com/jyunocchi/gbf_weapon_parser/blob/main/readme_img/main2.jpg?raw=true)

## Notes

This repo uses traditional image matching by splitting the image into each weapon image and performing k-nearest neighbor to the precomputed database. Inaccuracy is expected.

## To-do

- More testing
- Get Taisai Spirit Bow (https://gbf.wiki/Taisai_Spirit_Bow) working. There may be other problematic images.
- Extra weapon slots
- Automated update script for data.json (cargotables query with python requests hasn't been working, so data.json is manually curated)
- Automated update of SIFT database once the previous point is done
- Better GUI (right now it's barebones GUI)
- Summon / character parser for full party?

## Other scripts

- build_sift.py

Opens data.json then opens all images in weapon_images/ID.jpg to build them into a SIFT database.
The SIFT database is then saved as sift_db_np.npy
